VALID / MOOSETVS — October 1, 2026

Recovery
Approved rollback version: "Final MooseTVs Website".
Commit b67b8ac9d8a12d3bf2e3b3be3b637289edce2487, annotated Git tag
final-moosetvs-website-2026-10-01. Verified source ZIP, complete Git bundle and
RESTORE.txt are in ../MooseTVs-backups/Final MooseTVs Website/.
This includes the pre-existing untracked public/locales directory, untouched.
The complete pre-3D repository (including .git and uncommitted work) is saved at:
../MooseTVs-backups/moosetvs-before-valid-3d-2026-09-30-2228.zip
Restore into a NEW folder. Do not extract over the working checkout.
Historical version 65b98a6 remains intact in Git and its separate archive.
The first published 3D version is also preserved in:
../MooseTVs-backups/moosetvs-valid-3d-5b1f533.zip
../MooseTVs-backups/moosetvs-valid-history-5b1f533.bundle

Character
public/valid/valid.glb is derived from the user-supplied standing base-2.obj.
Source SHA256: 8e805495c3851347a11de36df5be2efbb1df5920956e203bc15fcc3d1e0823b5
500,000 original triangles -> 29,994 triangles, 14,965 vertices, 14 bones.
GLB size: 1,349,264 bytes. Embedded clips: walk, idle, wave.
Original OBJ and walking MP4 were not modified or uploaded to the website.
The walking video is a visual reference, not extracted skeletal motion capture.
Colors use the approved standing artwork projected onto vertex colors plus
procedural rear colors. This is a web-optimized stylized rig, not a film-quality
facial rig or hand-painted 360-degree texture atlas.
Reproducible preparation scripts, source metrics and tests remain in the sibling
MooseTVs-Valid-lab folder. No paid animation service is required at runtime.

Implementation
src/redesign/valid.mjs: localized content anchors, rising 0-X rail and controls.
src/browser/valid.js: one viewport-sized transparent perspective renderer,
one continuous 3D actor position, curved/depth-aware walks and section flights.
The canvas is a rendering surface, not a corner widget or cursor replacement.
Valid targets whitespace and avoids resting on headings and call-to-action buttons.
No new model or renderer is created when the visitor scrolls between sections.
Welcome: ease in from an offscreen corner, close-up wave, then an arcing jump
into the actual page. The same model, camera and position continue after landing.
Service navigation: a large corner-cast web catches and slings Valid; binary
glyphs sampled from the skinned mesh form his full body before dispersing.
A short-lived, destination-bound session handoff triggers the corresponding
arrival/reassembly on the next full HTML page. Navigation is not an SPA rewrite.
src/browser/valid-robot.js: independent jointed robot geometry with visor,
mechanical muzzle, circuit antlers, armored limbs and emissive accents.
src/browser/valid-particles.js: real 0/1 glyphs following skinned body vertices.
src/browser/valid-props.js: glasses, web emblem, parcel and contact shadow.
src/browser/valid-eyes.mjs: eyes painted in rest-space on the skinned face;
no separate protruding eyeball geometry. Eyelids soften during a giggle.
Tapping/clicking Valid triggers a short visual giggle (no autoplay audio).
Every fifth tap runs away from the tap; the next tap restarts the count, even
during the escape. An accessible moving button supports Enter/Space too.
Scroll gestures do not count as taps; page controls retain pointer priority.
Reactions pause stage timing and then return smoothly to the interrupted step.
src/browser/valid-process.mjs: each landing reveals the corresponding name,
detail and connection. Progress is monotonic, retained when scrolling away.
The full process remains readable without JS/WebGL, or with Hide/Pause/reduced
motion. All three languages share the same five landing events.
src/browser/valid-core.mjs: pure travel curves, random destinations, route guards
and validated handoff helpers. Slide starts at upper-right X, ends at lower-left 0.
Sitting bends the hips and knees, with the seat in contact with the curve.
Procedural poses restore the mixer's previous unmodified skeleton each frame,
preventing flying/sitting offsets from accumulating on constant animation tracks.
src/browser/motion.js: typography/chart/scenes and saved motion preferences.
public/valid.css: in-content whitespace, full-screen effects, mobile/RTL styling.
Three.js is dynamically split out of the main authentication bundle.
No WebGL renderer, 3D module or model download on account and enquiry routes.
Animations rest after their bounded sequence; hidden tabs stop rendering.
The OS reduced-motion preference overrides the saved motion setting.
Hide Valid and Pause motion persist on this device. Welcome runs once per tab;
Replay welcome is optional. Skip, Escape and scroll dismiss it immediately.
Navigation retains modified-click/new-tab behavior and bounded 0.75-1.95 second
outgoing transitions with a 450ms navigation watchdog if rendering stalls.
Escape cancels a departure. Links work normally without JavaScript or WebGL.
Cross-document View Transitions are not required (avoids browser opt-in errors).
All rendering assets stay on the same origin; the strict CSP remains unchanged.
All character labels and pricing text have English, Hebrew and Arabic copies.

Pricing
Starter website: from $269 (illustrative ₪942).
Business website: from $549 (illustrative ₪1,922).
AI automation: from $319 (illustrative ₪1,117).
Maintenance: $25/month (illustrative ₪88).
Managed automation support: $89/month (illustrative ₪312).
USD1 = ILS3.50 is an explicitly illustrative display rate, not a live FX quote.
The homepage 0–X slide is labeled as a scope illustration, not a price scale.

Build / verify
npm ci
npm run build
npm test
npm run dev

Deployment boundaries
Netlify deploys main from moosev133/moosetvs-website.
No Contabo, VPN, DNS, nameserver or email record changes are required.
Existing Supabase integration needs real project public configuration in Netlify
before sign-up/sign-in can be activated. Missing credentials are not faked.
